# Scholar Status Reports

## Overview
School administrators have access to a number of different tools to track their students' status in school. Frequently, an administrator will
want to combine data from these tools in a single place. That is often a very difficult process.

This app combines data from 4 CSV files, each of which was generated by a different tool.
There are several pre-defined reports available. The underlying structure of the app allows a developer
to create new reports as needed by the administration.

## Project Structure
The Project has major components:
* A SpringBoot web application. This can be found in the `org.ajbobo.scholarreports` package. The main application class is called `ScholarReportsApplication`.
* An Angular 1.4-based user interface. This is in the resources/static directory

## Interesting Classes
* Report - This is the main class used to return a report to the UI. Mostly, there are subclasses of this one. 
Each subclass defines a particular type of report. The subclass defines which files are needed, and how the data from those files should be combined and reported.
* DataTable - This holds a single table of data from a CSV file. It can be configured in a number of ways to modify the data as it is imported:
  * Column Processors - These are small functions that are used to modify data in specific columns as it is imported.
  * Filters - These are small functions that are used to determine which rows of the data should be imported, and which can be skipped.
* DataTableJoiner - This combines the data from 2 DataTables, joining them on columns that the user specifies.
* DataTableReducer - This is used to combine data from multiple rows in a DataTable based on some user-specified criteria. 
The user selects the key columns, then which additional columns should be reduced. They can be reduced as Min, Max, Average, or Sum.     
